Dear Professional ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2216 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 32 days ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you increase customer response by 120% 
& SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who resides in 
Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Cheers 
! Dear Decision maker , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our publication 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 
6 ; Section 306 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 34 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
society seems to be moving faster and faster ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
use credit cards on your website ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Connecticut 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Cheers . Dear Web surfer ; Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
newsletter ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1816 , Title 9 , Section 
305 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 57 weeks 
. Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
& the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Prof Ames of Nevada tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! This offer is 100% legal . Do not go to sleep without 
ordering . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% . God Bless . 